Refine developer docs for implementing detail_tabs() (#4827)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/apps/api/ui-extensions/object-detail-views.md

For example, accessing `{{ request.user }}` within a template will return the current user.

Declared subclasses should be gathered into a list or tuple for integration with Nautobot. By default, Nautobot looks for an iterable named `template_extensions` within a `template_content.py` file. (This can be overridden by setting `template_extensions` to a custom value on the app's `NautobotAppConfig`.) An example is [below](#example-adding-object-details-and-tabs).

## Adding Detail Tabs

+++ 1.4.0

> In order for any extra tabs to work properly, the `"url"` key must reference a view which inherits from the `nautobot.apps.views.ObjectView` class and the template must extend the object's detail template such as:

Reviewer: Perhaps something like:

````suggestion
The `detail_tabs()` method should return a list of dicts, each of which has the keys `"title"` and `"url"`. In order for tabs to work properly:

* The `"url"` key should typically be a URL that includes `self.context["object"].pk` in some form (so that the URL may know which object is being referenced)
* The view referenced by the `"url"` must inherit from the `nautobot.apps.views.ObjectView` class
* The template rendered by this view must extend the object's detail template

For example:

```python
class DeviceExtraTabs(TemplateExtension):
    """Template extension to add extra tabs to the Device detail view."""
    model = 'dcim.device'

    def detail_tabs(self):
        return [
            {
                "title": "App Tab 1",
                "url": reverse("plugins:example_plugin:device_detail_tab_1", kwargs={"pk": self.context["object"].pk}),
            },
        ]
```
````

from nautobot.dcim.models import Device

class DeviceDetailAppTabOne(ObjectView):
    """
    This view's template extends the device detail template,
    making it suitable to show as a tab on the device detail page.

    Views that are intended to be for an object detail tab's content rendering must
    always inherit from nautobot.apps.views.ObjectView.
    """

    queryset = Device.objects.all()
    template_name = "example_plugin/tab_device_detail_1.html"
```

You must also add the view to the `url_patterns` like so (make sure to read the note after this code snippet):

```python
# urls.py
from django.urls import path

from example_plugin import views

urlpatterns = [
    # ... previously defined urls
    path("devices/<uuid:pk>/example-plugin-tab-1/", views.DeviceDetailAppTabOne.as_view(), name="device_detail_tab_1"),
]
```

!!! note
    For added tab views, we recommend for consistency that you follow the URL pattern established by the base model detail view and tabs (if any). For example, `nautobot/dcim/urls.py` references Device tab views with the URL pattern `devices/<uuid:pk>/TAB-NAME/`, so above we have followed that same pattern.

> See the example [below](#example-adding-object-details-and-tabs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, you must also add the `detail_tabs` method in the `template_content.py` file as shown in the [below example](#example-adding-object-details-and-tabs).
```

from nautobot.dcim.models import Device

class DeviceDetailAppTabOne(ObjectView):
    """
    This view's template extends the device detail template,
    making it suitable to show as a tab on the device detail page.

    Views that are intended to be for an object detail tab's content rendering must
    always inherit from nautobot.apps.views.ObjectView.
    """

    queryset = Device.objects.all()
    template_name = "example_plugin/tab_device_detail_1.html"
```

You must also add the view to the `url_patterns` like so (make sure to read the note after this code snippet):

```python
# urls.py
from django.urls import path

from example_plugin import views

urlpatterns = [
    # ... previously defined urls
    path("devices/<uuid:pk>/example-plugin-tab-1/", views.DeviceDetailAppTabOne.as_view(), name="device_detail_tab_1"),
]
```

!!! note
    For added tab views, we recommend for consistency that you follow the URL pattern established by the base model detail view and tabs (if any). For example, `nautobot/dcim/urls.py` references Device tab views with the URL pattern `devices/<uuid:pk>/TAB-NAME/`, so above we have followed that same pattern.

> In addition, you must also add the `detail_tabs` method in the `template_content.py` file as shown in the [below example](#example-adding-object-details-and-tabs).

Reviewer 3: This seems redundant to line 30 now
